[release-v2.5] Fixed copy-pasta error? (#3756)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/metrics-generator/span_metrics.md

## How to run

> To enable span metrics in Tempo/GET, enable the metrics generator and add an overrides section which enables the `span-metrics` generator. See [here for configuration details]({{< relref "../configuration#metrics-generator" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable span metrics in Tempo/GET, enable the metrics generator and add an overrides section which enables the `span-metrics` generator. Refer to the [configuration documentation]({{< relref "../configuration#metrics-generator" >}}).
```
